Ahhhhhhh
ah
These guys who are forcing their faces into prostitution
You are so shameless
boy
What day did you arrive here?
How dare you come here and act wild?
It depends on what you are looking for
Tell you Ansen
I'm done with you, you stinky dick
Is this male classmate your waist?
What if I really lost count?
If you can afford it, I will strip naked and serve you.
good
Remember I dare to come here and walk here
I sent him to Mianbei
kidney
slow
If I were really rich
Wouldn't it be a huge loss if you just cheat me like this?
Even one cent less than 1 million won’t do.
Just 1 million
Successfully spent 1 million on women
100,000 yuan has been deposited into the bank card
You can take him away
Walk
I almost forgot to do something serious
If we just leave like this, wouldn't it be a wasted trip?
Little girl, please go back first
Here I settle the bill
etc.
This is my phone number
Remember never to call me
Hahahahahaha
Just now
Do you still remember your promise?
ah
Ahhhh!
Ah!
These prostitutes
You are so shameless
kid
When will you be here and where is it?
Dare to come here to be wild
See if you are looking for
Let me tell you something
I am familiar with you, you stinky dick
Is the male classmate your kidney?
If I really can't count
If you can afford it, I will strip naked and serve you
OK
Remember that I dare to come here and come
I sent him to Mianbei Ka
kidney
slow
If I were really rich
Wouldn't it be a big loss for you to just kill me like this?
1 million less
Okay, 1 million
Has been successfully consumed by women 1 million
100,000 yuan has been credited to the bank card
Can you take him away?
Let's go
I almost forgot to do business
Wouldn't it be a waste of time if you just left like this?
Little girl, go back first
I will settle the account here.
And so forth.
This is my phone number
Remember never to call me
Hahahahaha
just now
Remember your promise?
Ah!